wifi: Add storing of FW patching in external flash #1125 (#13093)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf70/developing/constrained.rst

.. note::
   The asterisk * indicates that the SoC is supported, but the use case is not recommended due to performance or memory constraints.

the nRF70 Series firmware patch optimizations
*********************************************

> For resource-constrained hosts, the firmware patch can be moved to the external flash, if available, to free up the internal flash memory for the application.

Author: Sure, I can extend this to add `scan only` optimization too.

> And by the way, "optimizations" is not the right name for relocating to external flash

This covers both XIP and storage, and both save internal flash memory, so, I will call this memory-saving.

.. note::
   The asterisk * indicates that the SoC is supported, but the use case is not recommended due to performance or memory constraints.

> Firmware patch optimizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nRF70 Series firmware patch optimizations
```

Author: This was intention this page is part of the nRF70 device guides, so, no need to repeat `nRF70`

![image](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/assets/100136718/ffe2cf06-587d-4330-a27f-a182373888be)

Reviewer: Seem my comment on the other occasion. We need to be more verbose when there is a risk of confusion on what firmware we refer to (host or RPU), because nRF70 Series is never a standalone platform (especially in nRF Connect SDK)

****************************

> For resource-constrained hosts especially with low internal flash memory, the nRF70 Series firmware patches can significantly contribute to the overall memory footprint.

Reviewer: Switch to not using "flash" to be more generic.
Up to @richabp to decide what the correct term is. I propose "on-chip non-volatile memory" instead of "internal flash memory".
This covers the MRAM case and possibly more.

Author: See https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/13093#issuecomment-1827331227

> The nRF70 Series provides the following firmware patch optimizations to reduce the memory footprint:

Reviewer: "to reduce the memory footprint of the Wi-Fi host stack"

> * A separate firmware patch is provided for scan only use case that is smaller in size compared to the firmware patch for the :abbr:`STA (Station)` use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A separate firmware patch variant is provided for applications that only require support for Wi-Fi scan-only operation. This patch variant is significantly smaller in size compared to the full-featured firmware patch variant that supports Wi-Fi :abbr:`STA (Station)` mode.
```

Reviewer: Also, I wonder if there could also be a link to the Scan mode (similar to the provided link to the STA mode

Author: By `link` are you referring to the abbreviation?

> * Options to either relocate or store the patch in the external memory are provided.

Reviewer 2: This seems to be missed. Its just to maintain the consistency.

> * Options to either relocate or store the patch in the external memory are provided.

Author: Sorry, I do remember fixing these but might have been lost when fixing rebase conflicts .

> * Options are provided to either relocate or store the patch in the external memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The nRF Wi-Fi driver offers support for either relocating or storing the nRF70 Series firmware patch in external non-volatile memory if that is available.
```

>   See See :ref:`ug_nrf70_developing_fw_patch_ext_flash` for details.

Reviewer 2: This seems to be missed.
